TODO:
try pygame instead of wxpython
look at libraries pygame uses

support more logical operators in searches.
a "show me all tags that there are and how many images with each" view.  Also "Show me how many untagged images"

Smarter snarfing: recurse into subdirectories

Learn how to display an animated gif so it animates.

Recognize series by sequential filenames in a folder.
Allow user to label something part of a series
Have a view for series
(Big question: why couldn't series just be tag names?)
(Answer: files that share a tag have no defined order.  A series does have a defined order.)

Rating field.  Use a spin control so we can bump it up and down.
Bump up automatically on view?  Just use "fave" and "sucks" tags instead?

Speaking of "sucks", a delete button.

try win32api.GetAsyncKeyState() to figure out what keys are down on a click, and thereby to allow all letters to be
used as quasimodal key shortcuts, not just modifier keys.
key shortcuts to switch tools:
z = zoom
c = scroll
s = select
d = draw
e = erase
f = find (focuses on search box)?
t = tag?
Revert? refresh? copy/clone/duplicate? remove? write? split screen? merge screen?

A command to remove things, or multiple things or classes of things, from the view without clearing everything?

Select tool lets you select objects to do operations on?  Or does that happen automatically
when you zoom far enough into an object that it's taking up most of your screen?  Select objects and move them around?
Select objects as a group, and assign tags to all of them at once or move them around all at once?

Save changes that get made with image-editing tools.  (Figure out whence to call SaveChanges!)
Make a color-picking tool.
Allow pencil and eraser to be bigger than 1 pixel (esp. eraser!)

Current problems with text objects:
1. Can't get the click event into the text object to actually edit text!!!
2. Can't save text ( try this again )
3. They still have scrollbars. (this'll do, for now, but I really want the scroll tool to be used instead.)

Web objects!! They are tiny little embedded web browser windows, basically.  There's no forward or back or URL or
scroll bars, though.  To scroll you use the ZUI scroll tool, as the whole thing is a rectangle (like the text object)
as long as the page.  When you click a link, it opens a view onto the new page but leaves the view onto the old page
where it is.  Need to figure out exactly where and at what size the new page appears, but the idea is that you should
be able to zoom back out and see a tree of all the pages on the site that you've seen so far.  You can also put tags
on web objects, which replaces the idea of bookmarks, because now that page will show up when you search for the tag.
What about refreshing a web object?

Need command to create new blank text object.

Need command to create new blank image object.


Bugs:

Seems to be a bug where dragging with scroll tool starting in certain images and ending in the background
results in incorrect scroll.  (Only the zeroth image?)

After a lot of rearranging, stuff gets out of whack, possibly due to round-off error with all the multiplying
and dividing?


Long-term:

Image editing will eventually need layers.  This can be extended across the ZUI, so it's no longer two-dimensional,
but has the concept of front and back layers.  What else can we do with this idea?

Need to be able to duplicate objects, or take part of an object and create a new object out of it, or copy/move part of
an object (e.g. chunk of text) into another object ( an image, becoming a text layer above the image ).

Need to have change history on objects.  When you save changes on something, older versions are always still available
through something like Subversion or something like a database rollback operation.

Saving/uploading finished image and HTML objects to a specified URL to "deploy" the webcomic.  Also, previews for what this will look like, before the operation is consummated.